shaders/glsl-predication-on-large-array: fail
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-const-index: fail
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-const-index-three-dimensions: fail
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-initializer-const-index: fail
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-nested-struct-arrays-nonconst-nested-array: fail
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-struct-const-index: fail
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-struct-const-index-sampler-const-index: fail
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-const-index: fail
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-const-index-three-dimensions: fail
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-mixed-const-nonconst: fail
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-nonconst: fail
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-arithmetic-uvec2-imagestore: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-imageatomicexchange: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-imagestore: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/explicit-image-binding: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/fs-const-index-three-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/image-vertex-attrib-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/image-vertex-uniform-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/multiple-resident-images-reading: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/ubo-named-block: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-arithmetic-uvec2-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-ubo-binding-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-ubo-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/explicit-texture-binding: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/fs-const-index-three-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-in-struct: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-vertex-attrib-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-vertex-uniform-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/ubo-binding-samplers-conflict: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/ubo-named-block: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_image_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_image_and_bound_sampler: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bindless_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bound_sampler: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bound_sampler_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/min-dvec4-double-large-group-size: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-1: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-2: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-3: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-4: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-1: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-2: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-3: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-4: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-and-clip-distance-different: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-and-clip-distance-sizeable-to-max: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-distance-explicitly-sized: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-distance-interpolated: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-distance-sizeable-to-max: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/vs-cull-distance-vertex-inside-cull-volume: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/vs-cull-distance-vertex-on-plane: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/vs-cull-distance-vertex-outside-cull-volume: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/derivatives-vs-flat-input: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdx-coarse: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdx-dfdy: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdx-fine: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdy-coarse: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdy-fine: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/block-member-locations/sso-block-member-layout-location: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/fs-output: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/sso-vs-gs-fs-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/tcs-tes-fs-array-with-non-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-attribs-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs-array-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs-array-interleave-range: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs-doubles: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-gs-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-gs-fs-double: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-load-output: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-load-output-indirect: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-double: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-ifc-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-patch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-patch-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-to-fs-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-to-fs-array-interleave-single-location: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/fs-ubo-named-block-explicit-offset: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/block-member-location-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/block-member-location-overlap-aoa: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/block-member-mixed-order-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/named-block-member-location-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/named-block-member-mixed-order-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap2: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap3: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap4: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-type-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-type-mismatch-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/intrastage-vs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/intrastage-vs-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/query-component: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-double-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-duplicated-input-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-duplicated-input-overlap-double: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-mismatch-ifc: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-signed-unsigned: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-type-mismatch-signed-float: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-type-mismatch-unsigned-float: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-width-mismatch-double-float: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-offset-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-offset-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/interstage-ssbo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/interstage-ubo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/intrastage-ssbo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/intrastage-ubo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-no-write: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-writes-in-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-writes-out-of-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-no-gs: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-vs-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-vs-write-gs-no-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-vs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-no-write: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-writes-in-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-writes-out-of-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-no-gs: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-vs-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-vs-write-gs-no-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-vs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/2darray-basic: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-bulk-copy: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-bulk-read: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-bulk-read-aoa: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-explicitly-sized: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-param: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-param-aoa: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-values: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/generate-zero-primitives: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/sanity: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/texcoord-constant-indices: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/texcoord-non-constant-indices: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/2darray-bounds-and-sizes-check: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/2darray-vertex-index-oob: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-lines: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-lines-adjacency: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-points: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-triangles: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-triangles-adjacency: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-only-built-in-input-varyings: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-only-built-in-input-varyings-ext-separate-shader-objects: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-user-defined-input-varying: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/varying-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/verticesin-const: skip
spec/arb_get_program_binary/execution/uniform-after-restore: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/aoa-2: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-inside-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-of-arrays-inside-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/column-vs-row: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/indirect-column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/indirect-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-ssbo-different-layouts: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-stages: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/unsized-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/unsized-array-length: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/aoa-2: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-different-array-stride-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-inside-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-inside-ubo-copy: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-of-arrays-inside-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/explicit-offset: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/explicit-offset-nested-struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/location-0-crash: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/column-vs-row: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/different-matrix-stride: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/indirect-column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/indirect-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/two-stages: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/two-ubos: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/arrays-of-arrays: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-aoa-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-aoa-fs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-array-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-array-fs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-mixing-with-normal-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-several-slots: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/embedded-structs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/index-matches-location: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/nonsequential-locations: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-binding: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-binding-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-nonconst-nested-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/simple-without-names: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/struct-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/two-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/va64-simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/vs-ps-simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/vs-ps-specializations: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block_array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block_array_offset_per_member: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_double: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_lines: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_simple_multiple_samples: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_struct_array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_triangles: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_block: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets_ifc: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets_struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/linker/uniform/multisampler: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/linker/uniform/multisampler-array: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatcentroid-array-of-structs: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatcentroid-block-array: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatcentroid-struct: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatcentroid-struct2: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatoffset-block-array: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatoffset-struct: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatsample-array-nonuniform: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatsample-array-of-array: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatsample-block-array: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatsample-struct: crash
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-nested-struct-arrays-nonconst: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-struct-nonconst-multiple-samplers: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/sampler-nonconst-2d: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/sampler-nonconst-2d-array: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/sampler-nonconst-2d-array-grad: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/sampler-nonconst-2d-grad: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-array-const: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-array-nonconst: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-masked: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-nonuniform-control-flow: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-simple: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-two-arrays: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/gs-array-const: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/gs-array-nonconst: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/gs-simple: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/gs-two-arrays: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-array-const: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-array-nonconst: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-mixed-with-const-access: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-nonuniform-control-flow: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-simple: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-two-arrays: fail
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/const-fma-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ceil-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ceil-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ceil-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ceil-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec2-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec3-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec4-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-const-ldexp-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-const-packdouble2x32: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-const-unpackdouble2x32: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-cross-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-determinant-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-determinant-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-determinant-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-distance-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-distance-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-distance-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-distance-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-dot-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-dot-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-dot-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-dot-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-equal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-equal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-equal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-faceforward-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-faceforward-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-faceforward-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-faceforward-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floor-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floor-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floor-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floor-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fma-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fract-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fract-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fract-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fract-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-frexp-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-frexp-dvec4-only-exponent: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-frexp-dvec4-only-mantissa: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-frexp-dvec4-variable-index: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inverse-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inverse-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inverse-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inversesqrt-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inversesqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inversesqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inversesqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ldexp-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-length-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-length-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-length-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-length-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-double-double-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-modf-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-normalize-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-normalize-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-normalize-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-normalize-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-notequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-notequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-notequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packdouble2x32: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-reflect-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-reflect-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-reflect-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-reflect-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-refract-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-refract-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-refract-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-refract-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-round-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-round-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-round-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-round-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-roundeven-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-roundeven-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-roundeven-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-roundeven-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-neg: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-neg-abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sqrt-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-trunc-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-trunc-double-large: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-trunc-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-trunc-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-trunc-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackdouble2x32: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackdouble2x32-2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/glsl-double-const-expr-vector-extract: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/glsl-double-const-expr-vector-insert: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/glsl-double-conversion-constructor-01: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/glsl-double-conversion-constructor-02: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec2-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec3-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec4-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cross-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-determinant-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-determinant-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-determinant-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inverse-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inverse-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inverse-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-double-double-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ceil-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ceil-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ceil-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ceil-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec2-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec3-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec4-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-cross-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-determinant-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-determinant-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-determinant-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-distance-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-distance-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-distance-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-distance-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-dot-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-dot-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-dot-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-dot-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-equal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-equal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-equal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-faceforward-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-faceforward-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-faceforward-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-faceforward-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floor-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floor-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floor-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floor-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-fract-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-fract-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-fract-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-fract-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inverse-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inverse-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inverse-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inversesqrt-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inversesqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inversesqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inversesqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-length-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-length-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-length-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-length-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-double-double-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-normalize-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-normalize-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-normalize-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-normalize-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-notequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-notequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-notequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packdouble2x32: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-reflect-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-reflect-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-reflect-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-reflect-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-refract-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-refract-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-refract-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-refract-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-round-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-round-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-round-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-round-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-roundeven-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-roundeven-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-roundeven-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-roundeven-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-neg: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-neg-abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-double-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sqrt-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-double-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-double-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-double-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-double-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-trunc-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-trunc-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-trunc-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-trunc-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackdouble2x32: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackdouble2x32-2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bool-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-int: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-float-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-int-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uint-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bool-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-int: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-float-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-int-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uint-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bool-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-int: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-float-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-int-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uint-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/double-suffix-value: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/explicit-location-gs-fs-vs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/fs-double-uniform-array-direct-indirect-non-uniform-control-flow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/fs-function-inout-array: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/fs-indirect-temp-double-const-src: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/fs-indirect-temp-double-dst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/fs-indirect-temp-double-src: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/fs-isinf-dvec: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/fs-isnan-dvec: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/fs-non-uniform-control-flow-f2d: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/glsl-fs-loop-unroll-mul-fp64: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/glsl-uniform-initializer-1: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/glsl-uniform-initializer-2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/glsl-uniform-initializer-3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/glsl-uniform-initializer-4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/glsl-uniform-initializer-5: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/glsl-uniform-initializer-6: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/glsl-uniform-initializer-7: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/glsl-uniform-initializer-8: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/gs-fs-vs-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/gs-isinf-dvec: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/gs-isnan-dvec: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat4x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double-and-float-and-double/2-and-float/3-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec2/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec2/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec3/2/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec3/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec3/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-double/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double-float-double/2-float/3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double-float-double/2-float/3-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2/3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2/4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/2/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/2/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double-s3-float-s4-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double-s3-float-s4-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-float-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-float-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec2-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec2-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec2-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-double-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-double-float-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec2-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec2-float-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec3-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec3-float-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-double/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-double/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1/2-s2/2-s3/2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1/2-s2/2-s3/2-double-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-double-and-s3-float-and-s4-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-float-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-float-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-vec2-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-float-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec2-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec3-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-double-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-dvec2-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-dvec3-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-double/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-double/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/vs-constructors: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/vs-decrement-dvec: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/vs-double-uniform-array-direct-indirect-non-uniform-control-flow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/vs-fs-explicit-locations: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/vs-increment-dvec: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/vs-isinf-dvec: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/vs-isnan-dvec: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/execution/vs-non-uniform-control-flow-f2d: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/linker/vs-to-fs-explicit-location-overlap: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-array-copy: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-dmat4-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-double-array-const-index: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-double-array-variable-index: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-double-bool-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-double-uniform-array-direct-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-doubles: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-doubles-float-mixed: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-dvec4-uniform-array-direct-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-nested-struct: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-ubo-direct-1: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-ubo-load.indirect.1: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-ubo-load.indirect.2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-ubo-load.indirect.3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/fs-ubo-load.indirect.4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-array-copy: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-dmat4-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-double-array-const-index: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-double-array-variable-index: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-double-bool-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-double-uniform-array-direct-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-doubles-float-mixed: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-dvec4-uniform-array-direct-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/gs-nested-struct: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-array-copy: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-dmat4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-dmat4-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-double-array-const-index: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-double-array-variable-index: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-double-bool-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-double-uniform-array-direct-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-doubles: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-doubles-float-mixed: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-dvec4-uniform-array-direct-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_fp64/uniform_buffers/vs-nested-struct: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec2-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec2-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec3-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec3-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec4-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-i64vec4-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-int64_t-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-i64vec2-i64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-i64vec3-i64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-i64vec4-i64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-int64_t-int64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-i64vec2-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-i64vec2-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-i64vec3-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-i64vec3-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-i64vec4-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-i64vec4-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-int64_t-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-i64vec2-i64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-i64vec3-i64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-i64vec4-i64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-int64_t-int64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-bitand-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-bitand-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-bitor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-bitor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-bitxor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-bitxor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-lshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-lshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mod-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-rshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-rshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-i64vec2-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-i64vec2-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-i64vec3-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-i64vec3-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-i64vec4-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-i64vec4-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-int64_t-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-i64vec2-i64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-i64vec3-i64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-i64vec4-i64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-int64_t-int64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-abs-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-abs-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-abs-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-abs-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-clamp-i64vec2-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-clamp-i64vec2-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-clamp-i64vec3-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-clamp-i64vec3-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-clamp-i64vec4-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-clamp-i64vec4-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-clamp-int64_t-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mix-i64vec2-i64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mix-i64vec3-i64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mix-i64vec4-i64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mix-int64_t-int64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-add-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-bitand-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-bitand-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-bitor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-bitor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-bitxor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-bitxor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-div-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-lshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-lshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mod-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-mult-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-rshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-rshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-op-sub-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-sign-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-sign-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-sign-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-sign-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-i64vec2-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-i64vec2-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-i64vec3-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-i64vec3-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-i64vec4-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-i64vec4-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-int64_t-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-i64vec2-i64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-i64vec3-i64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-i64vec4-i64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-int64_t-int64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-bitand-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-bitand-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-bitor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-bitor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-bitxor-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-bitxor-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-eq-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-eq-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-ge-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-ge-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-gt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-gt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-le-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-le-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-lshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-lshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-lt-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-lt-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mod-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-ne-int64_t-int64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-ne-uint64_t-uint64_t-using-if: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-rshift-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-rshift-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-i64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-i64vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-i64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-i64vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-i64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-i64vec4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-int64_t-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-int64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-u64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-u64vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-u64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-u64vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-u64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-u64vec4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-uint64_t-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-uint64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bool-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bool-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-float-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-float-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-ivec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-uvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-ivec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-uvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-ivec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-int64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-int64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-int64_t-int: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-ivec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-uvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-ivec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-uvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-ivec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-uint-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-int: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-uvec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-uvec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-uvec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-i64vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-i64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-i64vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-i64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-i64vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-i64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-int-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-int-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-int64_t-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-int64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-u64vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-u64vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-u64vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uint-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uint64_t-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uvec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uvec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uvec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bool-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bool-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-float-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-float-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-ivec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-uvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-ivec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-uvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-ivec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-int64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-int64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-int64_t-int: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-ivec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-uvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-ivec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-uvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-ivec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-uint-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-int: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-uvec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-uvec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-uvec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-i64vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-i64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-i64vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-i64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-i64vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-i64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-int-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-int-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-int64_t-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-int64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-u64vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-u64vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-u64vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uint-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uint64_t-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uvec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uvec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uvec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bool-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bool-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-float-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-float-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-ivec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-uvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-ivec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-uvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-ivec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-i64vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-int64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-int64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-int64_t-int: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-int64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-ivec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-uvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-ivec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-uvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-ivec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-u64vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-uint-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-bool: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-int: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-uint64_t-uint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-uvec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-uvec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-uvec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-vec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-i64vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-i64vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-i64vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-i64vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-i64vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-i64vec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-int-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-int-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-int64_t-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-int64_t-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec4-i64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-u64vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-u64vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-u64vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uint-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uint64_t-double: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uvec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uvec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uvec4-u64vec4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-conversion-b2i64: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-conversion-u2i64: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-conversion-u2u64: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-ishl-then-ishr: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-ishl-then-ishr-loop: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-ishl-then-ushr: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-ishl-then-ushr-loop: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-ishr-and-mask: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-ishr-and-mask-loop: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-shift-scalar-by-scalar: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-shift-vector-by-scalar: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-shift-vector-by-vector: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-ushr-and-mask: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/fs-ushr-and-mask-loop: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/indirect-array-two-accesses: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-int64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-uint64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-i64vec2/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-i64vec2/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-i64vec3/2/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-i64vec3/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-i64vec3/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-int64_t/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-int64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-int64_t/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-i64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-i64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-u64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-u64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-i64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-i64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-int64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-int64_t/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-u64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-u64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-uint64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-uint64_t/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-i64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-i64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-u64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-u64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-i64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-i64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-u64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-u64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-i64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-i64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-u64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-u64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec2/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec2/3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec2/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec2/4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec3/2/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec3/2/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec3/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec3/3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec3/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-i64vec3/4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-int64_t/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-int64_t/3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-int64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-int64_t/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-int64_t/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-int64_t/4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-i64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-i64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-u64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-u64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec2-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec2-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-i64vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-i64vec2-float-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-i64vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-i64vec3-float-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-int64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-int64_t-float-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-u64vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-u64vec2-float-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-u64vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-u64vec3-float-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-uint64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-uint64_t-float-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec2/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec2/3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec2/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec2/4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec3/2/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec3/2/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec3/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec3/3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec3/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-u64vec3/4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-uint64_t/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-uint64_t/3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-uint64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-uint64_t/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-uint64_t/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-uint64_t/4-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-i64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-i64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-int64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-int64_t/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-u64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-u64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-uint64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-uint64_t/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-i64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-i64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-int64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-int64_t/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-u64vec2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-u64vec3-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-uint64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-uint64_t/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1/2-s2/2-s3/2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1/2-s2/2-s3/2-int64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1/2-s2/2-s3/2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1/2-s2/2-s3/2-uint64_t-location-0: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-float-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-float-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-float-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-float-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec2-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec2-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec3-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec3-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-i64vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-i64vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-int64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-u64vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-u64vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-uint64_t-float: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-u64vec2/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-u64vec2/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-u64vec3/2/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-u64vec3/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-u64vec3/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-uint64_t/3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-uint64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-uint64_t/4: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-int64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-uint64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-i64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-i64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-int64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-int64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-u64vec2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-u64vec3: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-uint64_t: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-uint64_t/3/2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/fs-iand-of-iadd-int64: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/fs-shl-of-shr-int64: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/glsl-fs-loop-unroll-ishl-int64: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader_int64/glsl-fs-loop-unroll-mul-int64: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-block-with-struct-member: crash
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-named-block-with-array: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-struct: crash
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-struct-mixed-with-implicitly-assigned-varying: crash
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-tcs-out-tes: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-tes-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-vs-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-vs-out-tcs: skip
spec/arb_shader_atomic_counter_ops/execution/add: warn
spec/arb_shader_atomic_counter_ops/execution/all_touch_test: warn
spec/arb_shader_atomic_counters/linker/different-bindings-atomic-counter: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-ballot: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-ballot-if-else: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-builtin-variables: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-if: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-loop: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readinvocation-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readinvocation-uint-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_clock/execution/clock: skip
spec/arb_shader_clock/execution/clock2x32: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/cs-all: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/cs-any: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/cs-eq: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-all-const: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-all-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-any-const: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-any-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-eq-const: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-eq-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_image_load_store/execution/gl45-imageatomicexchange-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-manual-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-manual-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-manual-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-int: fail
spec/arb_shader_texture_lod/execution/glsl-fs-shadow2dgradarb-07: fail
spec/arb_shader_texture_lod/execution/glsl-fs-shadow2dgradarb-cumulative: fail
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-shader-storage-blocks: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-shader-storage-blocks-instanced: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packhalf2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packsnorm2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packsnorm4x8: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packunorm2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packunorm4x8: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackhalf2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpacksnorm2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpacksnorm4x8: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackunorm2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackunorm4x8: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packhalf2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packsnorm2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packsnorm4x8: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packunorm2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packunorm4x8: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackhalf2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpacksnorm2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpacksnorm4x8: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackunorm2x16: warn
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackunorm4x8: warn
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/dmat-vs-gs-tcs-tes: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/double-array-vs-tcs-tes: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/double-vs-tcs-tes: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/dvec2-vs-tcs-tes: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/dvec3-vs-tcs-tes: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/gs-primitiveid-instanced: fail
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/tcs-output-unmatched: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/tcs-tes-max-in-out-patch-components: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/tes-primitiveid: fail
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/tess-instance-id: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-input-array-dvec4-index-rd: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-input-array-float-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-input-array-vec2-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-input-array-vec3-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-input-array-vec4-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-output-array-dvec4-index-wr: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-output-array-float-index-rd-after-barrier: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-output-array-float-index-wr-before-barrier: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-output-array-vec2-index-rd-after-barrier: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-output-array-vec2-index-wr-before-barrier: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-output-array-vec3-index-rd-after-barrier: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-output-array-vec3-index-wr-before-barrier: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-output-array-vec4-index-rd-after-barrier: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-output-array-vec4-index-wr-before-barrier: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-patch-output-array-float-index-wr: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-patch-output-array-vec2-index-wr: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-patch-output-array-vec3-index-wr: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-patch-output-array-vec4-index-wr: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-patch-vec4-index-wr: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tcs-tes-array-in-struct: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-both-input-array-float-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-both-input-array-vec2-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-both-input-array-vec3-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-both-input-array-vec4-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-input-array-dvec4-index-rd: skip
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-patch-input-array-float-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-patch-input-array-vec2-index-invalid-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-patch-input-array-vec2-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-patch-input-array-vec3-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/tes-patch-input-array-vec4-index-rd: crash
spec/arb_tessellation_shader/execution/variable-indexing/vs-output-array-dvec4-index-wr-before-tcs: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs-fp64-input-trunc: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs-fs-pass-vertex-attrib: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs-test-attrib-location: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat2x3-0: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat3-1-2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat3x2-1-2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat3x4-0: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat3x4-1: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4-0: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4-0-2-3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4-1-2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4-2-3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x2-2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x3-0-2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x3-1-3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x3-3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-int_ivec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-uint_uvec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-int_int_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-uint_uvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-float_float-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-float_mat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_float_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-int_int: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_vec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_float_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-int_ivec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-uint_uint-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-uint_uvec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat2x3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-uint_uvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_float-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_mat4x3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-int_ivec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-int_int_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-int_ivec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-uint_uvec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array5-position-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array5-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_mat2x4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_mat4x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-int_ivec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-int_ivec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-uint_uint-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat2x3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat4x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-int_int_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-uint_uint_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-uint_uvec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-float_float-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-float_mat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-int_ivec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-int_ivec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-uint_uint_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array5-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array5-int_ivec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array5-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array5-position-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array5-position-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array5-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array5-uint_uvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-float_mat2x3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-int_ivec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-uint_uvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-uint_uvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-int_ivec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-int_int_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_float-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat2x3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-float_mat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-float_mat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-int_int-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-int_ivec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-int_ivec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-int_ivec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-uint_uvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_mat3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-float_mat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-uint_uint_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_mat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_mat4x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-uint_uint-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-uint_uvec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat4x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-int_int-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-int_ivec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-int_ivec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_mat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-int_int: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-uint_uint-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-uint_uint_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-uint_uvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-float_mat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-float_vec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-int_int: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-int_int_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_float-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-int_ivec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_vec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-uint_uvec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_mat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_mat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_mat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_mat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_vec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat4x2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat4x3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-int_ivec3_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_vec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-uint_uint_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_int-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-int_int: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-float_vec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-int_ivec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-float_float_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-int_ivec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_float_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-int_ivec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-int_int_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array5: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array5-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array5-int_int: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array5-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_mat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-int_ivec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_float_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_float_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-int_ivec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array5-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array5-int_ivec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array5-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_mat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_vec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-int_int_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-int_int: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-float_vec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-int_int_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-int_ivec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-int_int: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_vec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-uint_uint: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-float_float: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-float_vec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-float_vec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-int_ivec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-int_int: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_float_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_mat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_vec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-int_ivec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-int_ivec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-int_ivec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3_array3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uint-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec2-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec2-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec4-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_int-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_int-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_int-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec4-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_int-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec2-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec2-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec4-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_int-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_int-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec2-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_double-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec3-position-double_double: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec4-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec4-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec4-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec4-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/ext_demote_to_helper_invocation/execution/demote: skip
spec/ext_demote_to_helper_invocation/execution/demote_with_derivatives: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/1d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-1darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-highp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-lowp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/discard-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/discard-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/overwrite: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray-mipmap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-3d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/texture: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/1d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-1darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-highp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-lowp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/discard-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/discard-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/overwrite: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray-mipmap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-3d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/texture: skip
spec/ext_shader_image_load_formatted/execution/image_checkerboard: skip
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/fs-dfdx-accuracy: warn
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/fs-dfdy-accuracy: warn
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/fs-discard-deep-branch: warn
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/glsl-fs-uniform-sampler-array: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/samplers/glsl-fs-sampler-numbering-3: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/samplers/in-parameter-array: fail
spec/glsl-1.10/preprocessor/extension-defined-test: skip
spec/glsl-1.10/preprocessor/extension-if-1: skip
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/interpolation/interpolation-mixed: fail
spec/glsl-1.30/execution/varying-packing-mixed-types: crash
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-bulk-copy: crash
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-itemized-copy: crash
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/primitive-id-out: fail
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/gs-also-uses-smooth-flat-noperspective: fail
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs: fail
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-instanced: fail
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-line: fail
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-quad-strip: fail
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-quads: fail
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/gs-output-array-vec4-index-wr: crash
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-abs-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ceil-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ceil-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ceil-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ceil-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec2-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec3-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec4-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-clamp-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-cross-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-determinant-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-determinant-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-determinant-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-distance-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-distance-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-distance-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-distance-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-dot-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-dot-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-dot-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-dot-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-equal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-equal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-equal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-faceforward-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-faceforward-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-faceforward-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-faceforward-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floor-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floor-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floor-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floor-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fract-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fract-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fract-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fract-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-greaterthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inverse-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inverse-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inverse-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inversesqrt-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inversesqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inversesqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inversesqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-length-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-length-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-length-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-length-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-lessthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-double-double-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mod-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-normalize-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-normalize-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-normalize-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-normalize-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-notequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-notequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-notequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-add-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-div-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-mult-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-op-sub-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-reflect-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-reflect-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-reflect-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-reflect-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-refract-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-refract-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-refract-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-refract-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-round-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-round-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-round-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-round-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-roundeven-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-roundeven-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-roundeven-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-roundeven-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sign-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-smoothstep-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sqrt-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-sqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-step-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-transpose-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-trunc-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-trunc-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-trunc-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-trunc-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec2-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec3-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec4-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cross-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-determinant-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-determinant-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-determinant-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inverse-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inverse-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inverse-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-double-double-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-abs-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ceil-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ceil-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ceil-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ceil-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec2-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec3-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec4-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-clamp-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-cross-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-determinant-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-determinant-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-determinant-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-distance-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-distance-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-distance-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-distance-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-dot-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-dot-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-dot-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-dot-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-equal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-equal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-equal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-faceforward-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-faceforward-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-faceforward-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-faceforward-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floor-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floor-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floor-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floor-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-fract-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-fract-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-fract-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-fract-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-greaterthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inverse-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inverse-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inverse-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inversesqrt-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inversesqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inversesqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inversesqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-length-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-length-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-length-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-length-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthan-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthan-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthan-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthanequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthanequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-lessthanequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-matrixcompmult-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-double-double-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mix-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mod-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-normalize-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-normalize-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-normalize-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-normalize-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-notequal-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-notequal-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-notequal-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-add-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-div-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x3-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat2x4-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat3x4-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x2-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dmat4x3-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-mult-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat2x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat3x4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4x2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dmat4x3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-op-sub-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec2-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec3-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-outerproduct-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-reflect-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-reflect-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-reflect-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-reflect-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-refract-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-refract-dvec2-dvec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-refract-dvec3-dvec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-refract-dvec4-dvec4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-round-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-round-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-round-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-round-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-roundeven-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-roundeven-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-roundeven-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-roundeven-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sign-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-double-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-double-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-dvec2-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-dvec3-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-smoothstep-dvec4-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sqrt-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sqrt-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sqrt-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-sqrt-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-double-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-double-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-double-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-double-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-dvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-dvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-step-dvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-transpose-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-trunc-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-trunc-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-trunc-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-trunc-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bool-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-bvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-float-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-int-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-ivec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uint-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-uvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bool-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-bvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-float-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-int-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-ivec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uint-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-uvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bool-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-bvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-float-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-int-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-ivec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uint-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uvec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uvec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-uvec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dmat4x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double-and-float-and-double/2-and-float/3-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double/3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double/3/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-double/4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec2/3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec2/4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec3/2/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec3/3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-dvec3/4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-double/3/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float-and-float-and-float-and-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/1-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/2-and-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/3-and-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/4-and-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/5-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-float/6-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat3x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dmat4x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double-float-double/2-float/3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double-float-double/2-float/3-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/3/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-double/4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2/3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2/3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2/4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec2/4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/2/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/2/2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-dvec3/4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double/3/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-double/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float-float-float-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/1-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/2-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/3-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/4-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/5-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-float/6-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double-s3-float-s4-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-double-s3-float-s4-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-float-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-float-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-float-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec2-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec2-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-float-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec2-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/2/2-vec3-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-double-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-double-float-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec2-float-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-s2/3-dvec3-float-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-double/3/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-double/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec2-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat2x4-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dmat3x3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double/3/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-double/3/2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec2-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1-vec3-dvec3-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1/2-s2/2-s3/2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s1/2-s2/2-s3/2-double-location-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-double-and-s3-float-and-s4-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-float-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-float-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-s3/2-vec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-vec2-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2-vec3-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-float-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec2-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/2/2-vec3-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-double-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-dvec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-s2/3-dvec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-double/3/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec2-and-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat2x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dmat3x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-double: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-double/3/2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.00/execution/inout/vs-out-fs-in-vec3-and-dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-float-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-float-double-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-float-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-float-double-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-float-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-float-double-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_float-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_mat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_mat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_vec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-int_ivec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-uint_uvec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_mat2x4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_mat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-uint_uvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-uint_uvec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array5-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_int-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-float_mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array5-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec2-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_int-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.10/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-double-float-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-float-double-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/frag-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-double-float-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-float-double-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/geom-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2-mat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x3-mat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat2x4-mat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3-mat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x2-mat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat3x4-mat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4-mat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x2-mat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dmat4x3-mat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-double-float-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec2-vec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec3-vec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-explicit-dvec4-vec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-float-double-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2-dmat2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2x3-dmat2x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat2x4-dmat2x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3-dmat3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3x2-dmat3x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat3x4-dmat3x4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4-dmat4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4x2-dmat4x2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-mat4x3-dmat4x3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec2-dvec2-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec3-dvec3-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/conversion/vert-conversion-implicit-vec4-dvec4-zero-sign: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_int-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec2-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-byte_ivec4-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat2x4-0: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat2x4-1: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat3x2-0-2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat3x4-0-1: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat3x4-2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4-0-1-3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4-1: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4-3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x2-0-1: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x2-0-1-2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x2-0-1-3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x2-1: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x2-1-3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-columns-dmat4x3-3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-int_int-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-int_int_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-position-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat2x3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-float_vec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-int_int-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-int_ivec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-int_ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2_array5-position-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-float_float-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_float: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_float_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-int_ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3-uint_uint-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-int_int-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-int_ivec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_float_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x3_array5-position-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_mat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-float_vec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-float_mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4-uint_uint_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_float_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-int_int-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-int_ivec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-float_mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-position-int_ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat2x4_array5-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_mat2x3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-int_ivec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-float_mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-position-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-uint_uvec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3-uint_uvec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array5-int_ivec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array5-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array5-position-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array5-uint_uvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3_array5-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_mat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_mat4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-int_int-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-int_ivec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-int_ivec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat2x3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-float_float_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x2_array5-position-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-float_float-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-float_mat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-float_mat4x3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-int_ivec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-int_ivec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_float_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-int_ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-uint_uvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array5-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat3x4_array5-position-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-float_mat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-float_mat4x2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-float_mat4x3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-float_vec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-float_mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-float_mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-float_vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-position-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-uint_uvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-uint_uvec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4_array3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_float-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_mat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-int_ivec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-int_ivec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_float: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_float_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-position-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2-uint_uvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat2x3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_vec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-int_int-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-int_ivec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-uint_uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x2_array5-position-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-float_float-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-int_ivec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-position-int_int_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-position-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dmat4x3_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_double_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat2x4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_mat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-int_int_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-int_ivec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-position-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-uint_uint-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2-uint_uvec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat2x4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_float_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-uint_uvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec2_array5-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_mat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_mat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-float_vec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-int_int-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-int_ivec2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-float_float: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-float_mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-uint_uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-position-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3-uint_uvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_double_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_float-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat3x2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat4x2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-int_int-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-int_ivec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-position-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-uint_uvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec3_array5-uint_uvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_mat2_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_mat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_mat3x4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_vec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-float_vec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-int_ivec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-float_mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-int_ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-position-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4-uint_uvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-double_double-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-float_vec3_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-position-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-uint_uint-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-uint_uvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-double_dvec4_array5-uint_uvec4_array3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_float_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x3_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat2x4_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x2_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat3x4_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x2_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_mat4x3_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec2_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec3_array3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-float_vec4_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_int_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec2_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat2x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec3_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-double_dmat3x4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-double_dvec4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-int_ivec4_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_int-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_int-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec2-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-byte_ivec4-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-int_ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-float_mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-uint_uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2_array5-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_float: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-uint_uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x3_array5-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-int_int_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_float_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat2x4_array5-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array5-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3_array5-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2-uint_uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-float_vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-int_int_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x2_array5-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-float_vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-int_int_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array5-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat3x4_array5-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-uint_uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4_array3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-float_vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-int_ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat3x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-int_ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x2_array5-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_double: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-float_float_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-float_mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-float_mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-float_vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-int_int_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3-uint_uvec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dmat4x3_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_double_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_float: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-float_vec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-float_float: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-float_vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec2_array5-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-float_mat2x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-float_vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3-uint_uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat3x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-float_mat4x3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-int_ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-int_ivec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec3_array5-uint_uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-double_double_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_mat2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_mat3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_mat4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_mat4x2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-float_vec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-int_ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-int_ivec2_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-int_ivec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-uint_uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4-uint_uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat2x4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-float_mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-float_vec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-float_vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-int_int: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-uint_uint_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-uint_uvec3_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-double_dvec4_array5-uint_uvec4_array3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_float_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x3_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat2x4_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x2_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat3x4_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x2_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_mat4x3_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec2_array3-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec3_array3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-float_vec4_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_int_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec2_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec3_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-int_ivec4_array3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint_array3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uint_array3-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec2-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat2x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uint-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uint-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec2-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec2-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec3-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec3-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec4-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-position-ushort_uvec4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_int-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_int-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_int-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-position-short_ivec4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_int-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec2-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uint-short_ivec4-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_int-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec2-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec3-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-position-short_ivec4-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_int-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec2-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec2-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_int-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec2-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec3-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_int-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_int-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_int-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec2-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec2-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec4-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-position-short_ivec4-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat3x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_int-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec2-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ubyte_uvec4-short_ivec4-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uint_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat2x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dmat3x4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dmat4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat4_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dmat4x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec2_array3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_dmat4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_dvec3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat2x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat3x2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat2x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-double_dmat4x3_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dmat4x3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec3_array3-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-double_dmat2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-double_dmat4x2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_dmat3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_dvec2_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4-position-double_dvec4_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat3x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dmat4x2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dvec2_array2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-position-double_dmat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-uint_uvec4_array3-position-double_dvec3_array2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-double_dvec4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uint-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-double_dmat2x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-double_dmat3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-double_dmat4x3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-double_dvec3-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-position-double_dmat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec2-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec3-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec3-double_dvec2-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec3-position-double_dmat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec3-position-double_dvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec4-double_dmat3x4-position: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec4-position-double_dmat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec4-position-double_dmat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec4-position-double_dmat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.20/execution/vs_in/vs-input-ushort_uvec4-position-double_dvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-abs-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acos-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acos-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acos-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acos-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acosh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acosh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acosh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-acosh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-all-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-any-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asin-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asin-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asin-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asin-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asinh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asinh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asinh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-asinh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atan-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atanh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atanh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atanh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-atanh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-ceil-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-ceil-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-ceil-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-ceil-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-int-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec2-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec3-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec4-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec2-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec3-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec4-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec2-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec3-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec4-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-clamp-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cos-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cos-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cos-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cos-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cosh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cosh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cosh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cosh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-cross-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-degrees-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-determinant-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-determinant-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-determinant-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-distance-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-distance-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-distance-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-distance-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-dot-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-dot-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-dot-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-dot-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-equal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-faceforward-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-faceforward-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-faceforward-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-faceforward-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-floor-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-floor-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-floor-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-floor-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-fract-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-fract-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-fract-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-fract-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthan-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-greaterthanequal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inverse-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inverse-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inverse-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-length-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-length-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-length-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-length-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthan-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-lessthanequal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-matrixcompmult-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-float-float-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec2-vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec2-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec3-vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec3-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec4-vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec4-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mix-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mod-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-normalize-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-normalize-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-normalize-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-normalize-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-not-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-not-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-not-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-notequal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-and-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-and-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitand-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-large-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mod-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2x3-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat2x4-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3x2-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat3x4-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4x2-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-mat4x3-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-neg-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-not-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitand-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-neg-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-not-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-not-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-bitxor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-complement-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-large-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec2-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec3-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-bvec4-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec2-ivec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec3-ivec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-ivec4-ivec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2-mat2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2x3-mat2x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat2x4-mat2x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3-mat3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3x2-mat3x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat3x4-mat3x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4-mat4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4x2-mat4x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-mat4x3-mat4x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec2-uvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec3-uvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-uvec4-uvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec2-vec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec3-vec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-eq-vec4-vec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ge-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-gt-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-le-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-lt-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mod-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x3-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat2x4-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat3x4-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-mat4x3-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec2-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec3-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-bvec4-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec2-ivec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec3-ivec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-ivec4-ivec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2-mat2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2x3-mat2x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat2x4-mat2x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3-mat3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3x2-mat3x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat3x4-mat3x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4-mat4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4x2-mat4x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-mat4x3-mat4x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec2-uvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec3-uvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-uvec4-uvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec2-vec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec3-vec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-ne-vec4-vec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-neg-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-not-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-not-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-or-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-or-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-rshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-selection-bool-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-uint: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-uplus-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-xor-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-op-xor-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec3-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec3-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec4-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec4-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-outerproduct-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-radians-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-reflect-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-reflect-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-reflect-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-reflect-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-refract-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-refract-vec2-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-refract-vec3-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-refract-vec4-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-round-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-round-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-round-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-round-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-roundeven-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-roundeven-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-roundeven-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-roundeven-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-int: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sign-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sin-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sin-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sin-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sin-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sinh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sinh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sinh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sinh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-float-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-float-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-float-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-smoothstep-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-step-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tan-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tan-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tan-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tan-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tanh-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tanh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tanh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-tanh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-transpose-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-trunc-float: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-trunc-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-trunc-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-4.30/execution/built-in-functions/cs-trunc-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-4.40/execution/fs-interpolateatcentroid-swizzle: skip
spec/glsl-4.40/execution/fs-interpolateatoffset-swizzle: skip
spec/glsl-4.40/execution/fs-interpolateatsample-swizzle: skip
spec/glsl-4.50/execution/glsl-idiv-const-opt: skip
spec/glsl-4.50/execution/glsl-mul-const: skip
spec/glsl-4.50/execution/helper-invocation: skip
spec/glsl-4.50/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/execution/array-of-float-using-default-precision: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/execution/glsl-no-vertex-attribs: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/execution/sanity: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/execution/unroll-do-while-false-loop-only-once: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/linker/glsl-default-precision-qualifier-redeclaration: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/linker/glsl-fcoord-invariant: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/linker/glsl-fcoord-invariant-pass: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/linker/glsl-mismatched-uniform-precision-unused: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/linker/glsl-mismatched-uniform-precision-used: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/linker/glsl-no-glposition: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/linker/glsl-pcoord-invariant: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/linker/glsl-pcoord-invariant-pass: skip
spec/glsl-es-1.00/linker/glsl-undefined-varying: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-packhalf2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-packsnorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-packunorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpackhalf2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpacksnorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpackunorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packhalf2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packsnorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packunorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackhalf2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpacksnorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackunorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packhalf2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packsnorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packunorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackhalf2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpacksnorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackunorm2x16: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/sanity: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-basic: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-copy-function-fs: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-copy-local-fs: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-copy-local-vs: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-copy-out-vs: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-copy-return-vs: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-copy-uniform-vs: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/execution/varying-struct-interpolation: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/linker/glsl-mismatched-uniform-precision-unused: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/linker/glsl-mismatched-uniform-precision-used: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.00/linker/interface-blocks-member-type-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.10/execution/cs-image-atomic-if-else: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.10/execution/cs-image-atomic-if-else-2: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.10/execution/cs-image-load-if-else: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.10/execution/fs-atomic-counter-layout: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.10/execution/fs-simple-atomic-counter-inc-dec-read: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.10/execution/vs-simple-atomic-counter-inc-dec-read: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomiccompswap-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicmax-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicmin-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float-negative-zero: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-countleadingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-counttrailingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-multiply32x16-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-multiply32x16-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-countleadingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-counttrailingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-multiply32x16-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-multiply32x16-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-coarse-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-coarse-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-fine-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-fine-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-none: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-none: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_linear_size: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_quads_x: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_quads_y: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_two_arrangements: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-lines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-points-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/lines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/points-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-tris-in-point-mode-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/shared-atomicadd-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/shared-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/ssbo-atomicadd-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicand-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicand-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicor-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicxor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicxor-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicand-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicand-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicor-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicxor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicxor-uint: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_non_relative_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_relative_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/linker/mismatched_viewport_relative: skip
spec/nv_viewport_swizzle/viewport_swizzle: skip
spec/oes_geometry_shader/execution/nonuniform-vertex-count: skip
spec/oes_geometry_shader/sso_validation/user-defined-gs-input-in-block: skip
spec/oes_geometry_shader/sso_validation/user-defined-gs-input-not-in-block: skip
spec/oes_viewport_array/viewport-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/oes_viewport_array/viewport-gs-writes-in-range: skip
spec/oes_viewport_array/viewport-gs-writes-out-of-range: skip
summary:
       name:  results
       ----  --------
       pass:     9196
       fail:       49
      crash:       46
       skip:    10925
    timeout:        0
       warn:       25
 incomplete:        0
 dmesg-warn:        0
 dmesg-fail:        0
    changes:        0
      fixes:        0
regressions:        0
      total:    20241
